hello is for gps and mccaw the euro has tested% and compare
performance of two smartphones
the right of the road
sensations
those who have an all new quad-core dual core processors for
each be launched with more vigor
then she the smartphone lg optimus 2x also double heart
for those who have a dual core processor
the dump there is the tegra 2
that the NATO so launched apt
% to 1 gigahertz so here we go his sailing specialties
Internet
to start in June
melville cash
from each of the mobile devices
in the hand
this surplus direct him
and humanly
surprise
htc
here we have thought
pelap to the gps website internet and a copy will feature some task tags
enough the world
more pages are loading in power
very different display symptoms going it is slightly in the direction
legitimacy of the site
for the display of the list by cons I congratulate mine
almost instantly
on one of the two mobiles
we would not go to wi-fi
but very close to the insured terminal both the two sportsmen
clermont will now launch a site
e a little more water
the one that includes flash videos
but to see the speed of loading the buttons a lot of ideas
the debates they were a little heavy
we had a flash video to load
investigation
smartphone loads the site
so it's clear after loading the site and the associated flashes have to
respectively
the video that is at the top right and left pardon
the one who took charge that must appear
for the moment
Deleu
e
not also at the meeting calling to avoid the changes is almost
unanimous
so performances
but similar
enhanced course of smartphones
at the level of the tree
loading internet pages etc
but with a very slight advantage for the young audience it's not really
very light that we will have similar performance you can find this
video
sure
the website www points gps a cut
common point in the test of htc sensation